Feature: Infer schema type automatically. (#11563)
Automattic/mongoose: docs/guide.md

```javascript
// define a schema
const animalSchema = new Schema({ name: String, type: String },
{
  // Assign a function to the "methods" object of our animalSchema through schema options.

>   // this approach support auto typed instance methods then no need to create separate TS types. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // This approach is supported by auto typed instance typescript functionality. There is no need to manually create  separate TS types. 
```

<h3 id="statics"><a href="#statics">Statics</a></h3>

You can also add static functions to your model. There are three equivalent
ways to add a static:

> - Add a function property to schema constructor second argument `statics`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a function property to the second argument of the schema-constructor (`statics`)
```

- Add a function property to `schema.statics`
- Call the [`Schema#static()` function](/docs/api.html#schema_Schema-static)

```javascript

// define a schema
const animalSchema = new Schema({ name: String, type: String },
{
  // Assign a function to the "statics" object of our animalSchema through schema options.

>   // this approach support auto typed static methods then no need to create separate TS types. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // This approach is supported by auto typed instance typescript functionality. There is no need to manually create  separate TS types. 
```

[chainable query builder API](./queries.html).

```javascript

// define a schema
const animalSchema = new Schema({ name: String, type: String },
{
  // Assign a function to the "query" object of our animalSchema through schema options.

>   // this approach support auto typed query helpers methods then no need to create separate TS types. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // This approach is supported by auto typed instance typescript functionality. There is no need to manually create  separate TS types. 
```
